hey what's up everyone causal 22 here
just wanted to update you guys on the
steam for mac news and what's going on
with that valve originally announced
that steam would be coming to the Mac
this April and now April is coming to an
end today is April 29th and valve has
come out and said that steam will be
coming to the Mac officially for
everyone to use May twelfth now steam is
currently in beta for the Mac they're
getting all the bugs out I just want to
make sure everything's ready to go
everything's running smoothly so it's
good for everyone to use May twelfth so
about two weeks late from what they
originally said not too bad but I'm
definitely looking forward to this I
think gaming on the Mac will be great
through steam I think all the games will
run very well if not better than some of
the windows games because the mac
platform just runs so smoothly
especially with some of the new macbook
pros that just came out and all the
hardware upgrades that they added to
those like the nvidia graphics card in
the i5 and i7 processors so those things
should run very well now for those of
you that don't know what steam is it's a
program that you download and it has
hundreds if not thousands of games in it
that you can download straight to your
computer and play straight from your
computer without having to go out and
buy a disk or anything like that so it's
very convenient for people you can just
buy your games download them and they
stay right there in your hard drive for
you it also has its own gaming servers
and everything for lots of games that
you can play online against other people
stuff like that so let's talk about some
of the main titles that will be coming
in the beginning of the steam for mac
generation I guess we'll call it here
probably the original valve games like
half-life portal team fortress and
probably all the sequels and serious
connections of those games so I think
those games will run very well and they
said that it doesn't matter if you're on
a Mac or Windows machine you'll be
playing all on the same server everyone
will be on the same server playing games
together going against one another there
won't be like a separate mac server a
separate windows server everyone will be
playing together so I think that's
pretty much it for the steam
you see I just wanted to update you guys
that you guys know it's going to be
coming out real soon here in about two
weeks may12 look for it to be
downloadable for your mac computer very
soon on May twelfth swing causal 22 this
is all for now I'll catch you guys later
I'm out